so what do you want to go let's just
stop it up just say what you'd see what
you mean
you don't want to hang out with me
anymore have you apologized yet I am NOT
to tell you sounds crazy
lives
we have never faced a threat like this
the scrolls they are an ancient alien
race we don't know much about the
scrolls only thing we can be sure of is
they are already here I can't do this
alone
I need help so like a team
man take a look
they can take on the appearance of
anyone everyone has been compromised
I need your help
trust anyone
when do we start we just did the
infiltration has begun
I've been so sure and so wrong
we do nothing they destroy us
could be a scrum this is what the enemy
wants
there are dark forces over and we met I
want your help
no a normal power I thought you'd head
hard on go fuck yourself pretty boy